I give you two options.
One is kneel down with me and kowtow three times
What about two?
Just take your stuff and get out of the company immediately
Otherwise you are like this pen
Dead without a burial
My God, this pen is Master Erdi's luminous light
What luminous light?
It's just a cheap product bought at a 2 yuan store.
Mr. An is really luminous
The luminous ink will turn red when it encounters air
And this pen
It was sold to Mystery Buy for $50 million at the time.
This ink bag is worth 2 million
Mr. An is so confused
What a pity, what luminous light?
But it's just a counterfeit of CC9 yuan 9 free shipping.
Only a fool would be fooled
You actually ruined the token of love between me and Aye
Ouch, enough is enough for you.
I should be telling you this sentence, right?
What a token of love?
Just a little mistress who sells himself for glory
I like to wear counterfeits
If so
I'll help you decide.
Within 3 minutes
Take your luggage and get out of the company immediately
Hahaha
It seems that I still can't bear to die
How dare you push the president's wife
Apologize to the lady quickly
Ah!
It's everywhere. I'm sorry.
What's wrong with me?
What are you standing there for?
Quickly kick this crazy woman out of the company for me
I'll see who dares to touch her